Inspiration Notes

Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/

Youtube has been a very popular website since its start in 2005. What inspired me from Youtube is that it a allowed the world to be shown through talent and everyday life. It makes the connection between internet and people more personal.

Flipboard App
https://flipboard.com/ specifically the Flipboard app from Google Play Store or iTunes

Flipboard is a news app where you can customize the type of news content that you would want to receive from local to tech news. I like how they made the animation on the app where it makes you look like you really flipped the page. But I'm sure it was done with a Javascript or programming language. I would want to make websites visual like that to catch the users eyes.

Amazon
https://www.amazon.com/

Amazon has become a very popular e-commerce website partnering up with name brands to sell on demand merchandise. What inspired me is that you can get all the essentials from one site. I like how the website is organized where you can search in departments or the search bar. I like how when signed in, Amazon remembers your orders and even gives recommendations on other items from the buyers database to let you know what else other shoppers bought while looking at the item you purchased. Also I think it is recently new but on the Amazon homepage for the clothes column, it shows a woman with dress they are trying to sell but the woman is moving showing off the dress from front to back instead of a still picture. I think I was a nice attention to detail.

Droid-Life
http://www.droid-life.com/

Droid-life is a mobile and tech site geared towards Android OS users. Sometimes I like the minimalistic look to a website. This website is simple and clean with the news feed being updated regularly. I like how it has a background and the content overlaps the background and hovers and you scroll down. This site is also easy to navigate around too.

Morimoto
http://www.morimotorestaurant.com/

This site really isn’t my favorite website but one thing I like is how the pictures keeps change in its shape that it is in. I could see myself using that building a website that has to do with memories or something that would bring up past, present, and future. 
